# Meeting Minutes (10/27/2022)
## Team 29: Hackers1995
## Meeting Topic: Final Project Decision
We're figuring out what project we're going to do, and figure out what we need for the starting pitch.

## Attendance
1. Rhea Bhutada
2. Sanjit Joseph
3. Arthur Lu
4. Henry Feng
5. Marc Reta
6. Kara Hoagland
7. Daniel Hernandez
8. Gavyn Ezell
9. Isaac Otero

## Meeting Details
- When: 10/27/2022 at 5:00 PM
- Where: Zoom (Rhea's Zoom room: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/8054288343)

## Agenda:
- ### Decide which project we're doing
  - Gagan seemed to like the food review app idea best in their current states
  - We all seem to agree that the food review app is acceptable
  - Made a couple clarifications, no major changes or objections to the app

- ### Start project pitch
  - Created google slides: **https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_XWihJGVChFtYS38RnYJtQUuFKsgvewOCOkdeMHFRg4/edit?usp=sharing**
  - Prof recommends skimming the book: **https://basecamp.com/shapeup** (esp. ch.5 on risks and rabbit holes)
  - Finishing Risks + Rabbit holes here in the meeting
  - Kara posted a design prototype in Slack: https://cse110fall2022.slack.com/archives/C04598WA7P1/p1666918573779859

- ### App Description
  - Renaming it to a "Food Diary" app, not limited to UCSD
  - Allows users to store info about recent foods, restaurant name, location, price, your rating etc.
  - Probably provides food suggestions based on where you've eaten (and liked) before 
  - We're not going to try anything with external data atm.


## Moving forward:
- ### BY TOMORROW:
  - FINISH PITCH SLIDES
  - MUST CHANGE DIAGRAM TO ALL RESTAURANTS (Isaac will change this)
  - Daniel will update the pitch slides by adding images/graphics.
  - Daniel + Sanjit are doing visual representation.
  - Gayvn is doing potential competitors
  - Henry, Sanjit, Kara are doing user personas
  - Rhea is doing statement + purpose
  - Arthur + Marc are doing "why it's a CRUD app"

  - See if we can have a short meeting tomorrow before meeting Gagan just to review our pitch.
  - Put all components in specs folder before pitch
  - Meet at 2:30? Meeting with Gagan is probably at 3:30

- ### LATER:
  - Have some people split off and work on the basic UI design. Technically Sanjit had the 'art role' according to the TA but not sure what that entails. More ppl would def be helpful. TBD who else is helping


## End Time
- 10/27/2022 at 6:00 PM
