# Meeting Minutes (11/02/2022)

## Team 29: Hackers1995

## Meeting Topic: Weekly TA Catchup with Gagan

We are meeting with Gagan to discuss early phase design concepts and decisions we need to think about as we start the early coding phase.

## Attendance

1. Rhea Bhutada
2. George Dubinin
3. Gagan Gopalaiah

## Meeting Details

- When: 11/02/2022 at 3:30PM
- Where: Zoom

## Agenda:

## Discussion Points by Gagan

- Now that we finished designs stage there are 2 approaches
  - The first is to just start coding without thinking about design (cowboy coding). It works but can get bumpy down the road
  - The second is to look at the project from a birds eye view and break it down into milestones and tasks. First break it down into weeks and then decide on what to do each day of the week. This will make it easier to keep things organized.
- Jira and GitHub issues will be super helpful. Jira is a more expensive option so instead prof recommends creating issues.
- Start thinking about storage options. Think local first and decide on options like:
  - locally stored json files
  - browser local storage
  - "real" database like IndexDB
- Think about different models to keep track of changes and versions. Consider the branching model (one central repository and everyone has a branch or one breanch per feature) and the forking model (the central repository is copied and developers work in these copies and push changes to their own copies before syncing to the central repo). Useful info here: https://www.flagship.io/git-branching-strategies/
- Think about how pull requests will be approved and create a system for PR review and suggests.
- Break down the project and decide on which tasks to be completed. Then decide on how long sprints will last and how tasks will be assigned.
- We need to create the ADR and place it in the brainstorming section of the repo. This will contain details about specific project decisions that we made like database decisions (for example).

## End Time

- 11/02/2022 at 4:00PM
